Well i got diagnosed with dyslexia a year ago when i was 18... and i do have some stuggles with math too, like i never got the 1x1's in my brain, take longer than most, can't Imagen numbers in my brain and caculate them at the same time so have to see the numbers on paper and do the math on paper..But i dont know if its just being kind of bad in math or actually having it. My parents i still live with dont even believe in Dylexia... say i just got it because my teacher in 1st grade teached me wrong.. and from childhood i was actually good in math just struggled at some parts.A test is kind of expensive.. and hard to find where i can get tested i dont know what i should do.. (Probally a rant, sorry)
I use a comparisson to exlpain it:There is a person that misses part of his leg below the knee. This person can not walk with out crotches. Then this person gets a prosthesis. This person learns to walk with this prosthesis. He wears only long trousers. No one recognice now that this person is disabled. It looks so naturaly. This person even can run with it. But in certain situation it still gets exposed, like when going swimming. In this situation the prosthesis does not help and it can be seen that the one leg is way shorter than the other. Over all it is just a way of compansation. It is only a way to deal with the disablity to lower the impact in daily life. Your reading technic does not ‘heal’ your reading skill. It just helps you to lower the impact of this disablity maybe to a degree that in certain situation you even exell the undisabled persons. Like in the para olympics, where disabled people run faster than most ‘normal’ people.
To be honest, i know exactly how you feel. I grown up in the 1970/80's where barley any teacher know what dyslexia really means. I got alot of such comments. I learned proper reading at an age of 13-14. So till then i was quite lost. My spelling is still a problem.Later in life i always had to face situations like this. Thats why your mon has a point that you need to learn to deal with it. In a way many poeple has to face similar situations like that in their life. They are smal or to skinny or are terribble at sports etc. Nearly every person has its own weaknessis. Part of the process to learn to deal with it are 2 things:Accept who you are, accept your weaknessis and be NOT ashamed of it! Face them as they are. That does not mean that you should not learn to lower the impact of them in your life. You surely should work on them to get better.It might help, to look at the other kids and think about what their weaknesses are. Even those who look perfect have some. Some are just better to hide them. And when you face such a teacher agin, then also think by your self what his or her weaknesses might be.So totaly avoid such situations, does not help you to learn to deal with them. A bit confrontation is not bad. Thzat does not mean this other teacher, was right. He deffinitly should not put you in such a situation! And you see this ignorance and the way he bullied you shown, that he lacks of empathy and shows cruelity. This is his weakness and it will definitly make him problems in his own life. Bullies in general have, severe personality problems. So do net let them get you.If you still ahve such thoughs and feel lost, then you might speak with your mom and school about some therapy sessions. Most schools have a therapist, that is specialised in exactly this kind of problems. This should not be ignored. They will help you to deal with it. What helped me alot, was to recognice, that this weakness also comes with some advantages, like creativity or special ability for empathy or understanding complex things, or finding patterns or breaches of patterns and so on.. You might look about this in the net. You might look at it like a kid that was always the tallest one and very scinny. A lot of kids make fun of this one. When they got older this kid was good at basket ball and gets because his this length a scholarship and is able to enter an expensive college. So whas this length and disadvange or an advantage? As a younger kid certainly a disadvantage. Later certainly an advantage. It is all about the situation you face right then. Thats why you do not need to be ashamed who and what you are!Do not only look at the problems you have but learn more about the advantages that comes with it. Later in life they might give you the opportunity to succeed over those who once made fun about you.Sadly i learned this all when i was out of school. The knowledge what we have now about dyslexia was not there back when i grow up.I also learn not to hide behind my dyslexia. It is an explaination why i am not good at certain things like spelling. But it is not an excuse for more then what comes with it. I learned what i am good at and often way better as my class mates and where i had more problems. I also recogniced when in art classes we should painted pictures and some of my class mates failed totaly. Same in sports. I recogniced that they alos got exposed in this classes like i was in other classes. Yes it should not be, but thats how it is. And when i look around in my class, nearly all my class mates where once in a while exposed like this. This made me feel way less embarresed as i felt before. Those kids only thin by them self i suck in arts or sports etc. so what? It does not make me less of an student as the others.
yeah! i’m still dyslexic but it mainly affects the way I process language, i have mild dyselxia and the only way you could tell was a stammer I have (especially when I was tired) or the way i said ‘thingie thing’ to describe objects when I couldn’t remember the name of them fast enough! i have low processing speed and alright phonological skills, but you wouldn’t be able to tell if you weren’t looking directly for dyslexia.
Don't beat yourself up too much, I didn't realized I had Dyselxia until a couple years ago by doing research. I know I have a learning disability but what type? and I struggle a lot more with reading, writing, and spelling. You've made it this far don't let your diagnosed determine what you really need to accomplished, Yes! we do learn differently and certain words means different things to us. The thing is the world is so wrapped around normal brains because its easier and better to understand than per say someone who have difficulties in which ever field of learning disability. Don't let it get to you, you got this!
is it worth going to Dental school as a person who suffers from Dyselxia. I am in my 30s and I need to get my life together. I haven't done shadowing but I've seen videos on the day of a life of RDH and I think it's something I would love to do with a person with lower and upper back problems. Yes! I did read it will cause more problems down the road but with the right stretch can help me with that. Not to mention my right leg is giving up on me as I am getting older. I no longer wanna work in such a difficult environment such as, factory work, construction, or anything that deals with heavy lifting. I cannot do computer work that's easier said than done including finding job in I.T., What can I do? I know this is a 4y program. 2 years of pre-med, 2 years of RDH. I understand by taken these courses its meant to prepare me getting into RDH. I just need help finding something and live a reasonable life. I might get judged by this or laughed at but I've been bullied through out my life I honestly do not care of the name callings, nazi grammars because I know I struggle a lot, English is also my second language. I was in 10th grade when I moved to the US.
A dyslectic can be anything they want. For example you want ro be a lawyer go ahead. If you really want and like whatever you will do, you will find a way to accomplish your dreams.
I have adhd and the reason for that is because saying i am adhd sounds so gramaticaly wrong to me and that really says something when im dyslectic.
so im a dyslectic  14 year old and the problem im having is that its boring as F to read and im wondering if andone has any tips to make READIng more fun to do tganks
as a dyslectic myself tell me how basic like do you strugle whit - + or is it like me and the multiplikation shit thts hard
Metric makes much more sence, but unless it's actually real world scenarios it's not meaningless, it just add another level of complexity to make something meaningful to them or others.I can completely understand how metric is easier to understand as its all linked.1 litre of water is 1 kilogram1 gram of water is 1ml and 1 cm cubedDon't ask me how many lb, 5 gallon of water will weigh, I'll have no idea.  But 20 litres of water is easy to know is 20kg. Learning metric would probably be easier and more logical but they will need some key points where they can convert one to another for then to work in a method they are more comfortable.For example I use the following:10ft (height of basket ball ring) is 3m62miles (and mph) is 100km61f is 16c and likewise 72f is 27c.22lb is close enough to 10kg.From there I can usually workout most things real world scenarios, (don't ask me to work out 5000f in c) from one to the other
Hello my Dyslaxative friends.This is my first time posting here and I need so advice on a insanely difficult task.I am a Canadian Man who only knows English. My Fiance is French Canadian and has given mean a exceptionally challenging task. My Partner and I have talked a lot about the possible of starting a family together but she insists that if we are going to that I need to become fluent in French. Her reasons are that she wants are children to be multilingual and having 1 parent that knows only 1 language would present some big challenges. I can't say I disagree with her but my attempts to learn French in the past have all been massive failures so I need some advice on better learning/teaching options.I did study French back in school for till 8th grade as it was mandatory but nothing ever stuck. I only ever learned enought to vomit it back onto a test and get a slightly passing grade since none of what I tried to learn made senceAs an adult I did try Doulingo but in some tests I get road blocked since the tests expect me to correctly spell out words using an audio clip of the word I am to spell. I CAN BARELY DO THAT IN MY NATIVE LANGUAGE DAMN IT!I think my biggest problem is the mental road block in my mind. I have had no real success in learning a second language at any point and when I try I get exceptionally frustrated since the what I am trying to learn just doesn't seems to make any sence or have any consistent logic to it. French seems especially hard when words are masculine or feminine with no consistenc reason as to why and are treated differently for each and finding out how to pronoun words vs write them is hard since so many words have silent ending. Do any of you have advice or tips to help me overcome this problem?
Good question, id say a bit introverted, because of not wanting to make mistakes in front of others. Low self easteem because you work so hard to get average or below average grades. Anxiety. All those for me plus , I was never bullied, was more of a wall flower.  But I was always very sensitive to those being bullied. I think because I felt different and understood how that felt
If you feel your bf is embarrassed of you, you need a new bf!!! I was married to a man that only teased me , used my issue against me to control me. Never made me feel good about myself. Used my dyslexia to make himself feel better. Now I'm with a man that , is patient and kind, and actually builds my self esteem. It's very important for dyslexics to be around people that understand it.  Dyslexia kills self easteem.
Read, sounds dump but the more you do it the more you recognise words and it becomes easier over time. And that probably what every nurotypical will tell you. But I used to hate reading forced myself to read and I started to enjoy it and became faster and read better. I used to have to stop a lot and be like what does that say I notice I don't do that as much and am faster at reading. If there are words you don't know writing them down and either Google them to find out what it is or ask someone really helps the amount of world I had to look up like what does that say and now when I read an like oh that that word. That my 2 cent hope it helps.
Wired differently come from the layout of minicolums in the brains cortex dyslexic ppl have less/ more spread out minicolums meaning the axons that concert them are longer so electrical signal that pass from the diffent part of the brain take longer and different paths than a nurotypical person. That where the nurotypical ppl go straight from A to B and dyslexic go on a long swiggly route from A to B. So from that the dyslexic brain are wired differently is literally true but it is an oversplification of complex brain struture. *Tried to fix my typos but screw it you lot get it.
I think I did well becoser I got of to a good stare and I have almost finsder my booklet and I have done a fuwe peturs on the computer and now I am doing a couver.
My book is on submaren.
I have had to do a pituwer of how a submaren works.
I havent done alot of good work but I think I have done well.
The cat working in the mill spys a moues feeding on corn.
The cat scillfully creps up behind a sack and all of a suden his musirls are tens he spring and a little squick from the mouse I herd as the cats clors sunck deep into the mouse the cat quilly ete it and then cerled up on a sack to slip.
There seams to be some confusetion.
Althrow he rembers the situartion, he is not clear on detailes.
With regard to deleteing parts, could you advice me of the excat nature of the promblem and I will investgate it imeaditly.
Thanks, i had a messy handwriting i really hated but well, it went better and my bad hand writing was more of cause of being foced to learn cursive.. and then forced to stop using it because i got pushed a class down and the kids there didnt learn cursive.. so i wasnt allowed to use it? So it kind of messed up my writing.. wasnt even allowed to use a pen anymore so my best writing 'pen' is a pencil now.
That use to be me, I'm 60 now and when you start to age you just get tired of carrying what people think. Sometimes I will be talking to people, and it's strange , it's almost as if I'm looking at myself from above , smiling , saying "WOW, you have came a long way, girl". Because it feels almost surreal after being exactly the way you describe my whole life. How did I over come this? Dumped my husband that was insulting me, built my self easteem up and surrounded myself with people that never ridicule me.
I have alwase been pretty great at math. But I have noticed my self recently having trouble decoding plane number and symbol equations. Like I can do the math in my head just fine but I never noticed how much I mix up or switch around the numbers. Is that what dyscalculia is? Or is that just dyslexia but with numbers to. Maybe its just as an adult since I have been using the calculator I alwase have in my pocket my sick math skills have waned. I guess the ultimate question is: is Dyscalculia trouble with the calculation and manipulation of numerical concepts or is it the decoding of the numbers them selves?
My mum forced me to study for hours to make shure I don't fail cause of my dyslexia.The long study hours only happend when tests were coming up at school but they were horrible.It got to the point where I was crying,not eating and once she didn't let me sleep cause I didn't do enough. She sometimes made me not go to school on test days so I could study cause she didn't feel I did enough.This happend from year 4 to year 8. The studying lasted 5 to 6 hours a day on week ends(sometimes 8) an 3 to 5 hours after school. But the way she was tutoring me wasn't good I'ver. It took so long cause she made me look at text books for older years my year and also online resorses to do with the topics.She would raise her voice at me when I got anything wrong or didn't undersand anything, she would acsuse me of giving up or slacking off when I asked to use the bathroom more then twice and made me read things repeatedly on white paper until I memorised it by heart and could repeat it to her without looking at the pages and would get mad at me when I couldn't.when I told her to stop she sometimes called me lazy and to pull myself togather.But when I cried she acted all fed up let me take a 5 minute brake and then force me to do it all again. One time we had just studied for an hour and I started beging her to stop for the day she say ok but we have only done an hour that's bearly anything you need to start to pull yourself together.I already had a privet tutor and had mention this to her many times but she would always say to me that she doesn't want to do this and would literaly do anything else insted of having to deal with me but she has to. Because of my dyslexia I was sometimes aloud to bring my tests home but my mum made me cheat on them. She said it wasn't that hard and forced me to write down all the answers she told me. I felt awful handing it in to my teachers knowing what happend at home.When I turned 12 she finally made me stop leaning with her but still makes shure that I study at least 4 hours a week when tests come up.and sometimes makes me memorise it with her.I had Now reacently had an argument with my mum about how she was negligent with my mental health and that it was unessisary however she said that it was and that she went to a lecture to learn about dyslexic people by a dyslexic person and he said that most dyslexic people are failing school however with proper care they can become above average.she asked me \"would you had perferd it if I let you fail at everything and let you become jobless in the future.\"  She said that I was never into learning and always tried to put it off so I left her with no choice. I told her that I was 8 and didn't know what I was doing and that an 8 year old wouldn't want to do those things. She said that that everybody else in my school was already doing homework by themselves and I didn't do it and that being younge isn't an excuse to that and as I child I still have to contribute in normal activites and it is my Job. I got really mad at this because I dont even know what's true anymore. I got good grades I ghess but I still feel ill from it all.I'm 14 and I know she's going to push me even more once I start my gcses in year 10.my mum doesn't have dyslexia and she doesn't know what it's like I still get 1 to 2 hour privet tutoring a week and I feel like my results are getting lower with my mental health.
I took the two courses on Dyslexic U, and there was a lot of valuble insights and explanations.  I wanted to share it with non-dyalexic associates so they would better understand how we can work together in a complementary fashion.  But like so many on-line things, the medium becomes the obstacle to delivering the message.  Given the obstacles in registration and navigation, I didn't share.  But I appreciate what they are doing, and I think all dyslexics would benefit from makng the effort.
I remember special Ed was always a go to saying to make fun of people, looking back it was pretty fucked I was int he same class as none verbal autistic kids just because I couldn't remember my times tabels.
Hi All I (Male 38) was Diagnoised with Dyslexia when i was about 6 or 7 years old and got a "Statment of Education" so i had to have extra lessions before and after school i got extra time in my exams and additional Help in my main lessions. I have never had to provide anything to prove my Dyslexia and dont have any documentation, i asked my mum and she said she never got anything but says it was though the NHS when i was Diagnosed and they went straight to my school. i have the NHS Patient Access portal thing and there is no mention of Dyslexia on there.i was wondering is there any documentation i should have and where would i be able to get it from, if it even still exist after all this time.any ideas would be appreciated or ideas on who i could contact would be very much appriciated.
And i ask they just wait silently unless i ask for there help for finding a word.