I think I did well becoser I got of to a good stare and I have almost finsder my booklet and I have done a fuwe peturs on the computer and now I am doing a couver.
My book is on submaren.
I have had to do a pituwer of how a submaren works.
I havent done alot of good work but I think I have done well.
The cat working in the mill spys a moues feeding on corn.
The cat scillfully creps up behind a sack and all of a suden his musirls are tens he spring and a little squick from the mouse I herd as the cats clors sunck deep into the mouse the cat quilly ete it and then cerled up on a sack to slip.
There seams to be some confusetion.
Althrow he rembers the situartion, he is not clear on detailes.
With regard to deleteing parts, could you advice me of the excat nature of the promblem and I will investgate it imeaditly.
Thanks, i had a messy handwriting i really hated but well, it went better and my bad hand writing was more of cause of being foced to learn cursive.. and then forced to stop using it because i got pushed a class down and the kids there didnt learn cursive.. so i wasnt allowed to use it? So it kind of messed up my writing.. wasnt even allowed to use a pen anymore so my best writing 'pen' is a pencil now.
That use to be me, I'm 60 now and when you start to age you just get tired of carrying what people think. Sometimes I will be talking to people, and it's strange , it's almost as if I'm looking at myself from above , smiling , saying "WOW, you have came a long way, girl". Because it feels almost surreal after being exactly the way you describe my whole life. How did I over come this? Dumped my husband that was insulting me, built my self easteem up and surrounded myself with people that never ridicule me.
I have alwase been pretty great at math. But I have noticed my self recently having trouble decoding plane number and symbol equations. Like I can do the math in my head just fine but I never noticed how much I mix up or switch around the numbers. Is that what dyscalculia is? Or is that just dyslexia but with numbers to. Maybe its just as an adult since I have been using the calculator I alwase have in my pocket my sick math skills have waned. I guess the ultimate question is: is Dyscalculia trouble with the calculation and manipulation of numerical concepts or is it the decoding of the numbers them selves?
My mum forced me to study for hours to make shure I don't fail cause of my dyslexia.The long study hours only happend when tests were coming up at school but they were horrible.It got to the point where I was crying,not eating and once she didn't let me sleep cause I didn't do enough. She sometimes made me not go to school on test days so I could study cause she didn't feel I did enough.This happend from year 4 to year 8. The studying lasted 5 to 6 hours a day on week ends(sometimes 8) an 3 to 5 hours after school. But the way she was tutoring me wasn't good I'ver. It took so long cause she made me look at text books for older years my year and also online resorses to do with the topics.She would raise her voice at me when I got anything wrong or didn't undersand anything, she would acsuse me of giving up or slacking off when I asked to use the bathroom more then twice and made me read things repeatedly on white paper until I memorised it by heart and could repeat it to her without looking at the pages and would get mad at me when I couldn't.when I told her to stop she sometimes called me lazy and to pull myself togather.But when I cried she acted all fed up let me take a 5 minute brake and then force me to do it all again. One time we had just studied for an hour and I started beging her to stop for the day she say ok but we have only done an hour that's bearly anything you need to start to pull yourself together.I already had a privet tutor and had mention this to her many times but she would always say to me that she doesn't want to do this and would literaly do anything else insted of having to deal with me but she has to. Because of my dyslexia I was sometimes aloud to bring my tests home but my mum made me cheat on them. She said it wasn't that hard and forced me to write down all the answers she told me. I felt awful handing it in to my teachers knowing what happend at home.When I turned 12 she finally made me stop leaning with her but still makes shure that I study at least 4 hours a week when tests come up.and sometimes makes me memorise it with her.I had Now reacently had an argument with my mum about how she was negligent with my mental health and that it was unessisary however she said that it was and that she went to a lecture to learn about dyslexic people by a dyslexic person and he said that most dyslexic people are failing school however with proper care they can become above average.she asked me \"would you had perferd it if I let you fail at everything and let you become jobless in the future.\"  She said that I was never into learning and always tried to put it off so I left her with no choice. I told her that I was 8 and didn't know what I was doing and that an 8 year old wouldn't want to do those things. She said that that everybody else in my school was already doing homework by themselves and I didn't do it and that being younge isn't an excuse to that and as I child I still have to contribute in normal activites and it is my Job. I got really mad at this because I dont even know what's true anymore. I got good grades I ghess but I still feel ill from it all.I'm 14 and I know she's going to push me even more once I start my gcses in year 10.my mum doesn't have dyslexia and she doesn't know what it's like I still get 1 to 2 hour privet tutoring a week and I feel like my results are getting lower with my mental health.
I took the two courses on Dyslexic U, and there was a lot of valuble insights and explanations.  I wanted to share it with non-dyalexic associates so they would better understand how we can work together in a complementary fashion.  But like so many on-line things, the medium becomes the obstacle to delivering the message.  Given the obstacles in registration and navigation, I didn't share.  But I appreciate what they are doing, and I think all dyslexics would benefit from makng the effort.
I remember special Ed was always a go to saying to make fun of people, looking back it was pretty fucked I was int he same class as none verbal autistic kids just because I couldn't remember my times tabels.
Hi All I (Male 38) was Diagnoised with Dyslexia when i was about 6 or 7 years old and got a "Statment of Education" so i had to have extra lessions before and after school i got extra time in my exams and additional Help in my main lessions. I have never had to provide anything to prove my Dyslexia and dont have any documentation, i asked my mum and she said she never got anything but says it was though the NHS when i was Diagnosed and they went straight to my school. i have the NHS Patient Access portal thing and there is no mention of Dyslexia on there.i was wondering is there any documentation i should have and where would i be able to get it from, if it even still exist after all this time.any ideas would be appreciated or ideas on who i could contact would be very much appriciated.
And i ask they just wait silently unless i ask for there help for finding a word.