As a result, they are disgusted and end up really not listening to class or not working hard enough.
Moreover, the removal of the hedges that demarcated the farms killed a large number of insect species that lived in these hedges.
On Sunday I'm going to see my grandpa in the hospital to see how he is
However, we do not see an assault in the middle of the street every day because of a person who insulted or annoyed another person;
The young man therefore began to push the car in order to bring it back to his home.
In the evening, as soon as he hears my father arriving even though he is asleep, he will go downstairs to say hello to him while meowing.
Finally, the removal of hedges in the fields by land consolidation increased their size to 50 hectares.
This Maud how old was she you say
Because of the harmful effects of various chemical products, production has been reduced and therefore new biological and rational measures are taken seriously.
after such treatments, the land becomes harder and harder to cultivate and the plantations are less and less prosperous.
After that, Sony has a total of 77 factories around the world that supply Japan, the United States and Europe.
Also, people don't use condoms because they don't have any available, so to speak.
Some urban centers such as Marseille are coastal, which explains its attractiveness.
these insects contributed to plant growth without necessarily damaging them.
This fast and efficient agriculture is ranked second in the world and contributes greatly to 5th place than France at the global level
She also dominates the world of video games with the Sony Nintendo console and the games? Capcom and Nintendo.
she is not like the others she does not remain “confined” at home,
She respects and loves nature
She often goes to the forest and climbs up that tree and she knits and admires
Second, he is a very weak political power and is not a permanent member of the UN Council
Arrived on time for your appointments
Is the Buddha said to the architect takes
and a white bull appears and he comes and sits on top of the second architect,
and at the city hospital there were a lot of people,
and in its statistics we can see that Africa accounts for more than 80% of trade between its own regions and therefore has a very low export and import
and she got married at the age of twenty.
and even end up going against a classmate or anyone around them,
Is the number of farms increased from 1 million to 500 thousand, but their size still increased from 30 hectares to 50 hectares
and that it should be used to develop certain regions of Africa that are still corrupt or in total poverty
and get by in life.
and following a chaotic schooling, the student could fall into illegality and commit various larcenies such as theft, rape, assault, racketeering,
And what is this story of walls
and anyone who has been disgusted with the school system in the past will be insolent or violent towards teachers most of the time for no apparent reason;
It is difficult to build there and therefore the population is clustered on the coasts
It can also not create, so to speak, any army and does not have nuclear power
He goes up to him to ask where he was
there is also the fact that people affected by AIDS in Africa are not taken care of and die very quickly because they have no medication to even delay it and alleviate the pain
I had time to bring it back before you came back where were you
I don't understand you I'm trying to explain to you but you refuse to understand
I don't have to justify myself and apparently??? You I can't justify myself anyway
I went to play tennis.
I told you that I would wait to show you my new suit and you didn't come
The student must learn to control his rage because when he is in society he will be able to meet people who are much more irritating than the teachers.
most people know how to control themselves so violence is not inevitable.
the replanting of hedges the reduction in the use of chemical fertilizers and their replacement the use of insects such as ladybugs to replace insecticides.
The very impressed Buddha prays for him is a white bull appears with bags of gold on his back
So Japan has a significant surplus
the rate of urbanization in southern Africa is approaching almost 50% of the population, while in East Africa it does not even exceed 25%
The bridges the walls are made of brick
Bridges allow you to go to places where they did not go before for fear of crossing the river or river
but your story doesn't make sense
But the student himself must not let the violence that he stores inside him come out and go against the teacher.
but some students, although disadvantaged by the French institution, are fighting
but a corrupt, almost dictatorial government
Maud is very eccentric, she is not like other old people
I like Maud's company
we talked and also she told me a very funny but so true story
we climbed to the top of a tree we admired the view we laughed
So we can say that Japan is in a very good economic situation
Yes I helped an old lady who wanted to plant a tree outside the city that was suffocating her
On the other hand she likes bridges
As a result, Japan cannot be self-sufficient in food and imports entirely after the lack of natural resources from the food industry.
Not at all walls insulate people
Then the second architect builds a wall
Then over the years, due to the rural exodus, the tertiary industry became very important, reducing primary education to only 3 percent of the active population.
Which simply means that everyone is concerned by these various larcenies
This can come from several things, although I think that most of the causes are due to the French elitist school system,
These only imports are oil and food
This curse doesn't make sense,
It was the story of Buddha and two archi...
First of all, in terms of armaments, he does not have nuclear bombs and cannot have an army, so to speak, he cannot wage war either.
all those who had some difficulty studying in middle school felt rejected by professors when they heard that they did not work enough did not listen in class, etc.
All these chemicals, after being applied to the ground, are released naturally into the groundwater, which considerably degrades the quality of the water, gives it a very bad taste and makes it bad for health.
First of all, massive modernization has created numerous redundancies because currently agriculture only represents 3 percent of the active population.
You're kidding you who don't want to stay with your grandparents who are only 65 years old You're not going to tell me that you're three hours late because of a person you met on the street like that
You know Maud is really very open
You know his company is very pleasant,
Another of Japan's big problems is that it depends on other countries to feed its agri-food society as well as to supply itself with oil
such a crop is adapted to the current export market
actually I stayed with her for a while,
(not to be taken at face value)
, and the airport was closed.
Arriving 16:30 I went to ASEI for my appointment.
So he set off for the sea.
So he spent his vacation on the armchair reading a book.
Afterwards I had hot chocolate for breakfast.
Arrived he did a foot bath to relieve him but despite that he remained annoyed.
In the park, their father asks the children to sit on the bench to take a souvenir photo.
Today the weather is nice, the sun is shining, the birds are singing it's spring
Her children are between two and seven years old, they are nice and I like to have fun with them.
She was a well-read, caring woman who was always in a good mood.
This morning I woke up with rainy weather.
This morning, I got ready to go to class and took public transport for that.
Some cannot be exploited as such
This afternoon I have to take the dishwasher to the repair shop.
This story was told using these four photos.
Each year he organizes a friendly race in his garden, thus offering a safe play area.
Unlike other African countries, the Senegalese and Ugandan governments acted to limit the spread of AIDS.
This is the story of a guy who wanted to go to the sea while on vacation.
It is a person he sleeps in the car and dreams that he is at the beach
It is a person who wants to go to the beach
Other countries that have had better government and can get by and develop thanks to well-thought-out and effective fiscal policies
In the first part, we will discuss the evolution of agriculture between 1960 and 2012.
For years, agriculture has played an important role in France: in the 1960s, primary was one of the main industries.
She had three children who live in France.
She ended her life in a nursing home
She grew up during the war
She grew up during the war
She grew up during the war,
She had three children who live in France.
She ended her life in a nursing home and I will never forget her.
In 1960, there were about 1 million farms, which averaged 30 hectares, which represented a large part of France.
In France, the primary sector, agriculture, makes France famous as well as its place at the global level.
Indeed I am available as soon as you want
On the way home, dear to him, he put himself on his armchair with his feet in hot water while reading a book.
On the way home, dear, he put himself on his armchair with his feet in hot water while reading a book.
Returning from vacation he complains about questions.
When he came back from vacation he asked himself a question.
When he came back from vacation he complained about questions.
Wanting to go quickly Jack injures his foot
Finally after getting dressed I went for my appointment.
Yesterday I went to eat at my sister's house
Yesterday I had rugby training, it was raining and it was cold.
He pushed all the way to the nearest mechanic.
He starts pushing his car to go home.
He decides to push his car to the nearest garage and then he goes home.
He dips his feet in a basin of water.
I need to select offers and classify them correctly
With his right hand, he points to the bench so that his children can sit down so he can take a photo.
He drives quietly and looks at the landscape.
He had tea and read a good novel.
He will finally be able to leave his home in Albi,
He will see and realize that there is a liquid leaking
There is a man who is behind his car
Jack goes on vacation for a week in Bayonne
I have already had it corrected but I would like to have your opinion for future requests.
I followed him in his van
I was packing my suitcase to go on vacation.
I showered and dressed then got my little angel ready,
I woke up and had breakfast after I got ready to go to my appointment.
I take care of 2 families, the first is Monday, Wednesday, Friday and the other is Tuesday and Thursday.
I am still convinced that it will take time
I got out of the car to see what was wrong,
I came back and attacked the cleaning
I went to get bread, croissants and jam to spread on my sandwiches and then I went for a walk with the dog.
I went to work and there were traffic jams and settled down at my station.
I am 23 years old I am a very sporty person I play tennis, volleyball and bike to get around.
I started to cash in and then the break came.
I had a biology class, the course focused on the digestive system, in the course we saw that digestion starts with the mouth, teeth and saliva.
I got in my car and drove there was work on the road.
I called a repairman to come and pick it up.
I waited a few minutes and then the repairman arrived,
Hopefully we'll see each other again soon.
The man on the right in a white T-shirt,
One could blame teachers who disgust a lot of students as early as middle school,
The stem itself is covered with hard bark that protects the soft wood from the insults of the air.
Organic is a healthy crop but a bit more expensive but better for your health.
The guy did not have tools on him to repair.
The club was created a little over three years ago.
The nearest garage was next to his house.
The mechanic called a taxi for him and he went home.
Japan is also the world's 2nd largest exporter because it exports much more than it imports.
The man loads his car to go on vacation at the sea.
The main causes of food insecurity are drought and high food prices
The feedback or requests I made were not taken into account
When he pressed the button to take the photo, he stumbled against the barrier that protected the flowers.
Agriculture has become intensive agriculture using multiple pesticides in order to eliminate insects and the use of GMOs and chemical fertilizers in order to significantly increase plant growth.
Now Robert is in his armchair with his feet in a basin of hot water.
We had red and green bell peppers with chicken.
We also spent a whole afternoon sunbathing under the sun.
For this third edition they had the opportunity to invite the mayor who came to open the race.
Then I went home annoyed at the unexpected outage.
When I woke up this morning I went to take off my contact lenses.
When my parents came back from a trip my kitten licked them all over the face.
What are the trends in agriculture in France?
Question 4) According to the author, Africa could develop better if there were better, non-corrupt governments that had good fiscal policies.
Question 1) The regions that are food secure are the southern and northern regions of Africa *as well as Nigeria, Cameroon, Gabon, Togo and Senegal.
Question 2) AIDS is a disaster in Africa because the African people are poorly informed about this disease and therefore cannot defend themselves,
Question 3) Southern Africa and East Africa have the same number of states, although East Africa has a larger area and its population is almost twice that of southern Africa.
Question 5) Africa is almost not integrated into global trade because it already cannot provide for itself
Question 6) Africa is mostly poor, corrupt, sick, poorly treated, although
Robert is thinking about his vacation. He wants to go to the sea.
This morning I didn't sleep all night playing on the console
Does his engine have a problem he smokes and the man is asking questions
His engine has a problem, he smokes, and the man is asking questions.
Following several searches and questions! about my situation.
A man is getting ready to go on vacation,
Once back home, he sits on the couch.
Black smoke came from the engine.
Around the age of 15, young high school students are in the midst of a teenage crisis.
So I'm getting the swimsuit, the sunscreen, the towel ready.
After our appointment I go to my dad to help him tinker on the house
After I had lunch and then I went to get dressed
Today we are working with a new speech synthesis software to practice reading and writing.
Of course, teachers are not “punching balls” and obviously respond and punish students inappropriately who only derive a deeper disgust from these punishments.
Strange yet I filled up before leaving I will see all this
Bob wants to go to the beach in his car
Well it seems that she passed away
She was a cultivated, benevolent woman
She was a well-read woman who was always in a good mood.
she was a cultivated and caring woman,
because it is this team that will decide the purpose of these decisions such as transfer, dismissal
because this redirection is general, so the whole company must comply or resign.
construction helmet, safety shoes and a pair of gloves
This morning I got up I cleaned my teeth then I took a shower and then I left for the appointment.
This morning I woke up around 8:30
This morning I had an interview and I went home by bike.
This makes it impossible for the car to be restarted
This earthquake was not as violent as the previous one
this will reduce pollution
Some spaces, such as urban areas, are very busy because they contain work, technology, and cultural centers such as museums or other monuments.
It's growing healthy without chemicals, without pesticides or GMOs
If we do not respect nature we can contaminate other ecosystems and pollute a lot.
like through small underground pipes,
It's a man who wants to go to the beach,
All of a sudden my car is smoking
Okay okay come on tell me this story
In this case, we cannot say that we are changing our senses the media has been corrupted
as part of the aircraft he was too close to his children.
Like Régie 2, the journalist must express his opinion in his articles.
Recently, many countermeasures have been taken for more organic and sustainable agriculture.
In recent years, the excessive use of chemical fertilizers and pesticides has created a lot of pollution that seriously harms the environment and the land to which these chemicals are applied.
Do plastic bags touch the seas, the oceans, the oceans, the desert, the South Pole and the North Pole?
so he has to push it down the side of the road.
So this is the story of two architects who need money and they are going to talk to the Buddha to ask him for it
So he pushes his car to the garage
other areas, such as coastal areas, attract the population, especially in summer, because there is the beach and a number of coastal regions are hot regions
So he had to go home.
So I had to go back to work in Toulouse because I was not going to go home it's too far away.
So the shops banned them in France
Of the media: in this case, the media public has the right to know.
So he left with the car in the direction of the beach
So he went home pushing her.
Back pain that still goes on when I'm standing, sitting and lying down
I told you she is radiant
she ended her life in a nursing home.
she grew up during the war.
She grew up during the war
She knew she was married at the age of twenty,
she knew how to marry at the age of twenty,
She likes bridges but not walls
Then my neighbor picked me up to take the bus which is 5 km from my home.
Then we lit a fire in the fireplace and let Isis drive, who got her license not long ago.
Then we got off the bus to take the shuttle
and so everyone loves nature,
and then he went home and put his feet in a hot bath.
And she wonders what could it be
and therefore to express a totally different opinion,
and therefore “suffocating” a public affair goes against the free media
And so he rests once he arrives home with his feet in the water
Did she call her mom who picked her up at the CFA
and she got married at the age of 20.
and she got married at the age of twenty.
and she got married at the age of twenty.
Plus it's cold and I'm still very far from home pfff
And I put on my shoes to go take the bus
and I got to work around 9:30
and I would be grateful if you could keep me informed.
There she is doing a radio.
and the girl takes a photo of her fallen father.
And here he is also thinking about technical control
And there I visit the landscape
Is the Patatras his car broke down.
The little girl is trying to catch up with the camera
And the car didn't want to start anymore, he decided to go home.
And break down his car and break down.
And the biggest problem is in the seas because marine animals are dying
And read a book while being pissed off
And Marine my classmate twisted her ankle
and clear my head out of my mind.
and not be forced by someone influential outside the company, of course.
and we went to Grandma's house.
And then he had to call a repairer to fix his car
and went home saying goodbye to the vacation with his feet in the water with a good book
and her daughter takes the camera and takes the souvenir photo with her father who fell in love with flowers.
and if you throw them into the water you can kill thousands of animals.
and everyone was shocked because I was doing everything I wanted
and also he talks about giving voice to African business leaders who have succeeded from nothing except their ingenuity
Exercise 1) journalist ethics
Thanks to its intensive culture, France has managed to position itself in a very good place globally at the expense of ecology.
thanks to the various measures undertaken in relation to agriculture, have allowed for faster and more efficient agriculture.
Harold where were you my son
Yesterday I brought in horses for the yards and didn't drown the stables.
Humanly speaking, the measures taken with regard to agriculture are very harmful.
He has no choice he has to push his car
He can't find the problem
he had a car accident,
He can't manage he pushes the car he goes home
He asks his children to sit on the bench
He is on sick leave for two weeks.
He has been waiting for this for months.
He tried to fix his car to no avail.
he is stuck at home because his car has broken down.
he is in the company of his granddaughter and his child seems to me.
He's in a swimsuit.
He is dreaming that he is already at the beach.
He is upset at home he is reading his book.
He is upset because his car has broken down.
He annoys him dear he is reading his book.
they eat the plastic bags and then suffocate.
He gets in his car and drives at full speed
Your mom didn't like it so I brought it back
He won't be able to go on vacation
he didn't expect that at all.
He leaves in his car, he wonders if he has not forgotten something.
He thought he could go to the beach
He takes his car and starts to leave
He is on the vacation road and smells a smell
He takes something from his trunk while thinking about sunbathing at the beach.
He takes a basin of hot water to warm his feet
He backed up to get the frame, but behind him there were flowers and he fell in.
He looks at its failure and not being able to repair his car himself, he decides to push it to a garage where to find help.
He asks what is going on and goes to see under the hood
It stops on the lower side
He breaks down and he tries to fix it
he sees smoke coming out of his car,
It takes 2.5 hours to go to Port Leucate
they are completely helpless and cannot take care of themselves
It is better to use baskets
I would like to do this job in this job
I made the decision to take a leave based on the idea that emerged from my skills assessment done in 2013.
I give tennis lessons to children.
I saw him after he left
I stop on the side of the road
I would like to follow up with you to know the progress of your efforts in order to plan a new collaboration together.
I went to the bus I got on the bus
I woke up at 5:00 in the morning
I don't know if the requirements he covered are covered in full
I could not find the source of the problem so I pushed the car to my house.
I'm going home I'm starting to go on the highway
I get everything out of the car
I went to the beach the water was good I took a swim for a while.
I went to the employment agency in Toulouse to pick up my work items:
I went to give the hay to the horses.
I went to our party with friends after we went dancing
I said to myself why not I'm going to go to the beach
I came to the appointment well in advance
I left around 9 am I left by bus
I'm going to close all the doors
I'm going to put in the car
I'm going to get in the car to go to the beach
I'm going to take the highway towards Port Leucate
I'm going to have to push her home
I sent you a message, I will let you know at the end of the exam.
Julien went to the beach over the weekend.
I forgot to thank you for coming.
I looked at the weather forecast it was going to be nice
I have a partial list of what can be remembered and not a clear list.
The agriculture of 1960 has no relationship with current agriculture, although reduced by half in terms of exploitation, the modernization of work has allowed a considerable reduction in the number of farmers.
The editorial team should be informed of any changes in the company
demand could increase after such a drop because it is therefore cheaper than other consoles and people may be less hesitant to buy it
There the media will not find limits there part of people there corruption
The Minister of Ecology banned plastic bags because they pollute the earth
Industrial reconversion corresponds to a change in the type of industry
Violence in high schools and colleges and the fact that certain student environments are disadvantaged
Violence is not inevitable.
the GNP of southern Africa is important, in contrast to the GNP of East Africa, which is really very low
Organic is a way of thinking
Japan is a very big global power in the economy because it has big car companies like Mitsubishi Toyota Honda and also big electronics companies like Panasonic Sony...
The journalist is entitled to a personalized contract
Nor can a journalist ignore an order aimed at redirecting the media.
The next day he gets his car ready and leaves
The gentleman is planning to go on vacation.
The number of registered cars is falling
Dad tells his children to sit down,
The balanced price is in the case where supply and demand are the same
The price on the market is falling
The problem is that one of the cheeses was expired so we all had a stomach bug.
The secondary sector corresponds to industry
The tertiary sector corresponds to all services
The Japanese territory has almost no natural resources and its relief is very restrictive.
Animals eat plastic bags, they suffocate and they die
The important French tourist areas are Paris, the center of France, Provence, the Loire Valley
The Japanese firm Sony belongs to the industrial sector of sales and research and marketing.
features not tested to our knowledge
The stores would no longer give them, you would have to buy them in fabric
The manifestations of violence are diverse, ranging from simple insolence towards a professor to racketeering, assault or even rape.
poor nations and have no way to rise up in order to overthrow this government
the people around me were very nice
the regions on the border France - Belgium and France - Germany are in industrial conversion
plastic bags are elements that pollute the oceans a lot,
Bags released in the wild kill certain animals, such as fish, which eat them thinking they are prey.
The elements that prove Japan's economic strength are their ranking in the GNP, their spending on research, their foreign trade, their electronic equipment, their big companies and their place in the G8.
The oil that drips on the road
The agriculture of 1960 has no relationship with current agriculture, although reduced by half in terms of exploitation, the modernization of work has allowed a considerable reduction in the number of farmers
My brother goes to high school and my sister goes to third grade
My big sister is a stay-at-home mom and she has two children
My mom is a stay-at-home mom I have a younger brother and a younger sister
now we use very modern machines and sometimes even controlled by satellite, which makes it possible not to have a farmer on site.
but after a while the engine smokes.
But sometimes I'm wrong
but he can't get it started again
But what's going on --t-- why is he stopping --t-- she
But a few meters later it broke down
but not everyone has a chaotic schooling and is not sinking,
Unfortunately he runs out of gas
despite the fact that some farmers use it in spite of nature,
Despite this, Japan still has big problems, such as, first of all, its lack of political power over the world because no one asks Japan for its opinion and it does not have a permanent place at the UN.
but I no longer want to remain in a wobbly position in tomorrows where I will always have to go back to school or whatever.
my brothers and my uncle drank a little rosé.
Microsoft would set its price based on the value of the components and then add a significant margin for the brand.
my dad was there and I had good news to say!
Mr. X thinks about his vacation by the sea
Even if I admit that you went to the forest to plant a tree, why did you take so long
No she she loves and respects her more than the others nature,
No I don't understand what I'm saying
we weeded in the town
we saw our client this morning to present the penultimate version.
we made aperitifs with friends we ate sun-dried tomatoes, pizza, shrimp fritters while drinking fruit juice,
We had kebabs and tomato salad and for dessert a vanilla cake.
We prepared the tools and went to work.
We represent middle and high school students
Opel is lowering prices because market demand has become weak
Yes she says that walls isolate her from the rest of the world,
Yes it may seem incredible but that's what happened
All summer we stayed at home with my girlfriend.
Little society that the public is not informed
For the moment we live with my parents
To show that things are progressing
To prepare a horse you need a hoof cleaner, a hard brush, a soft brush, a comb, and the horse's equipment: a mat, a net and a saddle.
then read a book and put your feet in the hot water.
Then his car makes a funny noise
Then the car breaks down
then in a second part we will study the repercussions of agriculture
Then I went to the Pyrenees to ski I like the red slopes.
Then I have a week of vacation and I may go biking.
Then in the evening we ate a good Savoyard fondue
Then open the hood of the car to see what's going on
When I got up I showered and then I left for lunch
When I finished I picked up the car to go to the appointment
That anyone who so blatantly stifles violence is and will himself be a victim
what part of the application was impacted.
Question 3 document 2 and 3
which will allow him to survive in active life and to have moral and material security
Just by this fact can we say that violence is not inevitable
It is a man who is going to take a photo of his children and who falls in the rosebushes
It's about the environmentalists who have shown that plastic bags pollute the earth
Saturday at 13:00 left with Jean and his brother we played an airsoft game at the hospital to test my new replica to see what possibilities I had
Except my car broke down
This protester has a cockroach and part of his sign falls on him
It's not his only problem
If violence seems inevitable, it is because they have been disgusted by those around them.
If Microsoft is lowering the price of these Xbox 360 packs, it's because the demand in France for this console is low, so the price is falling
Yes if I swear to you,
If that's it that's what you want but then don't talk to me about her anymore,
except of course in the case where??? ??? Private concerns a crime
Sony invests a lot of money in research (for example compared to France) and is ahead of the curve on most technologies, which is why it is successful.
On the road, the car starts to smoke at the engine level
On the way, he breaks down with his car.
You who don't like to be bored you say that you climbed up a tree here it is you you looked at the view for 2 hours
I am not interested in your story!
all the juices intended for food from their stems.
All these changes in French agriculture are the cause of numerous environmental and human problems.
All these changes in French agriculture are the cause of numerous environmental and human problems
However, it can be said that a private matter can be “spread out” in the case where the person to whom this private matter relates directly
Kills a lot of people because of sewage
A man wants to go on vacation
A protester with a huge sign
an earthquake ravaged the population,
Once finished I closed my cash register.
Once, the car is finished, to charge,
Once I arrive I will park the car in the beach car park
a person dreams of going on vacation.
A technology park is a center where researchers work on new advanced technologies
Will you explain to me what you found interesting about his approach
here is the second request formed differently.
really I don't understand!!
Upset at not having been able to go to the beach, he gets a basin of cold water poured to his feet all over.
Listen you don't understand it's okay