In the end, they are disgusted, they end up relentlessly not listening in class or not working hard enough.
In addition, the suppression of hatches that delimit farms killed a large number of insect species that lived in these hounds.
Sunday I'm going to see my grandpa in the hospital to see how he's doing
However, we do not see an assault or street environment every day because of a person who dared to insult or annoy another person;
The young man therefore pushes the car to bring it back to his home.
In the evening, as soon as he hears my father arriving even while he is asleep, he will go downstairs to say hello to him while meowing.
Finally, the removal of hedges in the fields by land consolidation increased their size to 50 hectares.
Sete Maud she had washed it as you say
Because of the harmful effects of various chemical products, production has reduced and therefore new biological measures and reasoning are taken seriously.
After such treatment the land becomes harder and harder to cultivate and the plantations are less and less fast
After Sony has in all 77 countries spread all over the world who supplies Japan the United States Europe
Also, gloves don't use condoms because they don't have condoms available, so to speak.
Some urban canters like Marsei are coastal, which explains their attraction.
These insects contribute to the growth of plants without necessarily damaging them.
This fast and efficient agriculture ranks second in the world and contributes greatly to France's 5th place in the world
She dominates the world of Jevido with the Sony Nintendo console and the SNK Capcom and Nintendo games.
She was not born like the others, she does not remain “cloistered” at home,
She respects nature
She often goes in the forest and climbs in Sète Arbre and she knits and admires
Second, it is a very weak power at the political level and is not a permanent member of the United Nations.
Has arrived the tent has been booked
Is the Buddha said to have architeque pran
is a trimmed white torau is he sitting on the second architekete,
and at the city hospital there were a lot of people,
and in its statistics we can see that Africa accounts for more than 80% of trade between its own regions and therefore has a very low export and import
and she got married at the age of twenty.
and even end up going against a classmate or anyone around them,
and the number of farms increased from 1 million to 500 thousand, but their size still increased from 30 hectares to 50 hectares.
and whether they wanted to use it to develop in a serene region of Africa still in coronavirus or in total poverty
and get by with it in life.
And following a chaotic schooling, the student could sink into illegality and commit various larceny of gore: robbery, rape, assault, racketeering,
And what is the story of blackberries
and anyone who has been disgusted with the school system or previously will be insolent or violent towards teachers for the most time with no apparent reason;
It is difficult to build there and its therefore the population is huddled on the coastline
He can't be created to insidize any army and doesn't have nuclear weapons
He goes to him to ask him where he has been
There is also the fact that people affected by AIDS in Africa are not cared for and die very quickly because there is no medication to only delay it and ease the pain.
I had time to bring it back to Avenque are you coming back or were you
I don't understand you Jesus for explaining to you but you refuse to understand
I don't have to justify myself and to appear to you I can't justify myself in any way
I went to play tennis.
I told you that I waited to show you my new suit and you didn't come
The student must learn to control his rage because when he is in a social situation he will be able to come across jeans that are much more irritating than the teachers.
Most by Jen can control themselves so violence is not inevitable.
replanting hedges, reducing the use of chemical fertilizers and replacing them with the use of insects such as ladybugs to replace insecticides.
The very unimpressed Buddha praying for him is a white bull with a hard bag of gold on his back.
So Japan has an important extant
The rate of urbanization in southern Africa approaches almost 50% of the population, while in East Africa, it does not even exceed 25%
The pons the walls are made with brick
Do they go to places where they have not even gone for fear of crossing the river or river
but she doesn't make sense of your story,
But the student himself must not offend the violence he stokes inside him, come out and go against the teacher.
But Sertin pupil, although disfavoured by the French institution, is fighting
but a corrupt, almost dictatorial government
Maud is very eccentric she was born not like the other old people
I like Maud's Company
We had a chat and she told me a very funny but very true story.
we climbed to the top of a tree we admired the view we laughed,
So we can say that Japan is in a very good economic situation.
Yes I gave in to an old lady who wanted to plant a gold tree in the city who suffocated him
On the other hand it emits the bridges
Because of this, Japan cannot be sufficient in food and imports completely from the natural resources of the food industry.
Not at all the walls insulated the rims
Then the second architect built a wall
Then over the years, because of the rural exodus, the tertiary industry has become very important, thus reducing primary education to only 3 percent of the active population.
Which simply means that everyone is obsessed with grape variety
It can come from several things, although I think that most of the causes are due to the French elitist school system,
Only import its oil and food
Séte Maude has no dance,
Sété listoir de Bouddah is made up of two archi...
All dabor or level of armament he does not have nuclear bombs and cannot have weapons to inspire him nor can he make war
Anyone who has experienced a serene difficulty studying or college has been rejected by the professors by hearing that he did not work easy, did not listen in class, etc.
All these chemicals, after being applied to the ground, are released naturally into the bloodstream, so that the quality of the water considerably degrades, gives it a very bad taste and is very bad for health.
first of all, massive modernization has led to numerous layoffs, as agriculture currently represents only 3 per cent of the working population.
You're kidding who doesn't want to be with the Grenparen who's only 65 years old, you're not going to tell me that you're three hours late in the face of a person you met on the street like that
You know Maud is really very open
You know his company is very pleasant,
Another of Japan's big problems is that it depends on other countries to feed its society on agri-food and food supplies and oil
such a culture and adapt to the current export market
Effectively I stuck with her for a bit,
(Don't take it literally)
, and the airport was closed.
16:30 arriving I went to ASEI for my appointment.
So he left for the sea.
So he spent this vacation on the armchair reading a book.
Afterwards I had hot chocolate for breakfast.
Arrived he did a foot bath to relieve him but despite that he was still annoyed.
In the park, their father asks the children to sit on the bench to take a souvenir photo.
Today the weather is nice, the sun is shining, the birds are singing it's spring
These children are between two and seven years old, they are nice and I like to have fun with them.
She was a well-behaved, well-behaved woman who was always in a good mood.
This morning I woke up with rainy weather.
This morning, I got ready to go to class and took public transport to do so.
Some are not usable as such
This afternoon I have to bring the bladder washer to the repair shop.
This story was told using four photos.
Each year he organizes a friendly race in his garden, thus offering a safe play area.
Unlike other African countries, the Senegalese and Ugandan governments acted to limit the spread of AIDS.
This is the story of a guy who wanted to go to the sea during his vacation.
It is a person who sleeps in the car and who dreams who is at the beach
It is a person who wants to go to the beach
Other countries that have had a major government and can get by have developed a well-thought-out and effective fiscal policy.
In the first part, we will discuss the evolution of agriculture between 1960 and 2012.
For years, agriculture has played an important role in France: in the 1960s, primary agriculture was one of the main industries.
She had three children who live in France.
She ended her life in a nursing home
She grew up during the war
She grew up during the war
She grew up during the war,
She had three children who live in France.
She ended her life in a nursing home and I would never forget her.
In 1960, there were more than 1 million farms, which averaged 30 hectares, which represented a large part of France.
In France, the primary sector, agriculture, has made France famous, as well as its place at the global level.
Indeed I am available as soon as you want
On the way home, dear him, he put himself on his armchair with his feet in hot water while reading a book.
On the way home, dear him, he put himself on his armchair with his feet in hot water while reading a book.
When he came back from vacation he complained about questions.
When he came back from vacation he asked himself a question.
When he came back from vacation he complained about questions.
Wanting to go quickly Jack injures his foot
Finally, after getting dressed, I left for my appointment.
Yesterday I went to eat at my sister's house
Yesterday I had rugby training, it was raining and it was cold.
He pushed all the way to the nearest mechanic.
He starts pushing his car to go to his house
He decides to push his car to the nearest garage and then goes home.
He dipped his feet in a basin of water.
I need to select offers and classify them correctly
With his right hand, he points to the bench so that his children can sit down so he can take a photo.
He drives quietly and looks at the landscape.
He had tea and read a good novel.
He will finally be able to leave dear to him from Albi,
He will see and realize that there is a liquid leaking.
There is a man who is behind his car
Jack goes on vacation for a week in Bayonne
I have already had it corrected but I would like to have your opinion for the next requests.
I followed him in his van
I'm getting my suitcase ready to go on vacation.
I showered and dressed and then got my little angel ready,
I woke up and had breakfast after I got ready to go to my appointment.
I take care of 2 families, the first is Monday, Wednesday, Friday and the other is Tuesday and Thursday.
I still have a period that will take some time
I got out of the car to see what was wrong,
I came back and started cleaning.
I went looking for pine, croissants and jam to spread, but toast and then I went for a walk with the dog.
I went to work and there were traffic jams and I settled down at my station.
I am 23 years old I am a very sporty person I play tennis, volleyball and bike to get around.
I started cashing out and then the break came.
I had a biology class, the course focused on the digestive system, in the course we saw that digestion starts with the mouth, teeth and saliva.
I took my car and went to drive there was work on the road.
I called a repairman to come and pick it up.
I waited a few minutes and then the repairman arrived,
Hopefully we'll see each other again soon.
The man on the right has a white T-shirt,
We could blame the teachers who disgust a lot of students in high school,
The stem itself is covered with a hard bark that protects the soft wood from the insults of the air.
Organic is a healthy crop but a bit more expensive but better for your health.
The guy did not have tools on him to repair.
The club was created a little over three years ago.
The nearest garage was next to his house.
The mechanic called a taxi for him and he went home.
Japan is itself the world's 2nd largest export because it exports much more than it imports.
The man loads his car to go on vacation at the sea.
The main causes of food insecurity are strep sickness and charred food products.
Feedback or requests that I made were not taken into account
When he presses the button to take the photo he stumbles against the barrier that protects the flowers.
Agriculture has become intensive agriculture using multiple pesticides to eliminate insects and the use of GMOs and chemical fertilizers to significantly increase plant growth.
Now Robert is in his armchair with his feet in a basin of hot water.
We ate red and green bell peppers with chicken.
We also spent a whole afternoon sunbathing under the sun.
For this third edition we had the opportunity to invite the mayor who came to open the race.
Then I went home annoyed at this unexpected outage.
When I woke up this morning I went to take off my lenses.
When my parents came back from a trip my kitten licked them all over the face.
What are the trends in agriculture in France?
Question 4) According to the author, Africa will develop if there is a non-coronavirus government that has denied good fiscal policies.
Question 1) The regions that are food secure are the southern and northern regions of Africa *as well as Nigeria, Cameroon, Gabon, Togo and Senegal.
Question 2) AIDS is a disaster in Africa because the African people do not know much about this disease and therefore cannot defend themselves,
Question 3) Southern Africa and East Africa have the same number of states although East Africa has a larger area and its population is twice as big as Southern Africa
Question 5) Africa is almost not synergistic to the global trade because it cannot already provide for itself
Question 6) Africa is for the most part poor, corrupt, sick, ill, treated poorly, although
Robert is thinking about his vacation. He wants to go to the mother.
This morning, I didn't sleep all night playing on the console
Does his engine have a problem he smokes and the man is asking questions
Does his engine have a problem he smokes and the man is asking questions
Following several searches and questioning! on my situation.
A man is getting ready to go on vacation,
Once back home, he's thirsty on the couch.
Black smoke coming out of the engine.
Around 15, young high school students are in full crisis: the adolescent
So I prepare myself the swimsuit the sun cream the towel
After our appointment, I'm going to my dad's house for help with home improvement.
After I had lunch and then I went to get dressed
Today we are working with a new vocal integration software to practice reading and writing.
Of course, teachers are not “punching bags” and obviously respond and punish students in an inappropriate way, who only derive a deeper disgust from their punishment.
Strange, however, I filled up before leaving, I'm going to see all this.
Bob wants Ales to the beach with his car
Well, it looks like she gave up the gun.
She was a well-read, well-behaved woman
She was a woman who was always in a good mood
she was a well-educated and caring woman,
Because its seven teams will decide on the finality of these decisions such as mutation, sensitization
Because sete redirection is general, so the whole company should I fold or resign.
construction helmet, safety shoe and a pair of gloves
This morning I got up I cleaned my teeth then took a shower and then I went to the appointment.
This morning I woke up around 8:30am
This morning I had an interview and I went home dear to me by bike.
What makes the car impossible has restarted
This earthquake was not as violent as the previous one.
This will help to reduce pollution
Some spaces, such as urban areas, are very popular because there are works, technology, cultural centers such as museums or other monuments.
These grow healthy without chemicals without pesticides or GMOs
If you don't respect nature you can contaminate other ecosystems and pollute a lot.
like through small underground pipes,
He is a man who wants to go to the beach,
How much does my car smoke
Dacor Dacor Vale Tell me the story behind the scenes
In these cases, we can only say that in Chengen, sense, the media has been correlated.
As part of the device he was too close to it's children.
Since regime 2, journalists must express their opinion in their articles
Recently, a lot of countermeasures have been taken for more organic and rational agriculture.
in recent years, the excessive use of chemical fertilizers and pesticides has created a lot of pollution that seriously damages the environment and the land to which these chemicals are applied.
Plastic bags that touch the sea the oceans the dessert the South Pole and the North Pole
So he has to push it down the side of the road.
So the list of two architects who need money is they going to talk to Buddha for it
Donqueu he marries his car dear the mechanic
Our space, such as the coastal environment, attracts the population, especially in summer, because there is the beach and a number of coastal areas are hot regions.
So he had to come home dear.
So I had to go back to Toulouse to get busy because I was not going to go home it's too far away.
So the stores banned them in France
Of the media en locurense the media public has the right to know
Ducou he left with the car in the direction of the beach
From the neck he went home and pushed her.
Back pain that always goes on when I'm standing up, sitting and lying down
The key says she is reinvigorated
she ended her life in a nursing home.
she grew up during the war.
She grew up during the war
she knew how to marry at the age of twenty,
she knew how to marry at the age of twenty,
She emits the pons but not the blackberries
Then my neighbor picked me up to take the bus which is 5km from my home.
Then we lit a fire in the fireplace and let Isis drive, who got her license not long ago.
Then we got off the bus to go take the nave and
and then all the world embodies nature,
and then he went home and put his feet in a hot bath.
And that's asking what could well be
and therefore express a totally different opinion,
and therefore “stifling” a public matter goes against the law of free media rights
And so he rests once he gets home with his feet in the water
And she called her mom who picked her up at the CFA
and she got married at the age of 20.
and she got married at the age of twenty.
and she got married at the age of twenty.
Plus it's cold and I'm still very far from home pfff
And I like to put on my shoes to go take the bus
and I got to work around 9:30
and I would be grateful if you could keep me informed.
And now she is doing a radio.
and the girl hangs a photo of her fallen father.
And there he also thinks about technical control
And then I visit the landscape
And the wreck his car and break down.
And the little girl and try to catch up with the camera
And the car didn't want to start anymore, he decided to go home.
And break down his car and break down.
And the biggest problem is in the seas because marine animals die
And read a book while being upset
And Marine, my classmate, has a broken ankle
and clear my mind.
and not be constrained by someone with influence outside of the company, of course.
and we went to grandma's house.
And then he had to call a repairman to find his car
and went home and said goodbye to vacation with his feet in the water with a good book.
and his daughter takes the camera and takes the souvenir photo with her fallen father.
and if we regret them in the water we can make thousands of animals die.
And everyone was shocked because I spanked everything I wanted
And also he talks about leaving the words of the African business leaders who brought together will start from nothing except their ingenuity
Exercise 1) journalist ethics
Thanks to its intensive culture, France has managed to position itself in a very good place at the global level at the expense of ecology.
Thanks to various measures, companies aimed at the life of agriculture have allowed agriculture to be faster and more efficient.
Harold where were you my friend
Yesterday I brought in horses for the yards and didn't drown the stables.
Humanly speaking, lifelong measures taken in agriculture are not very harmful
He has no choice he has to push his car
He can't find the problem
They had a car accident,
He can't make it he pushes the car he goes home
He asks his children to sit on the bench
He took sick leave for two weeks.
He's been hearing that for months.
He is trying to fix his car in vain.
He is stuck at home with the thing in his broken car.
He is in the company of his granddaughter and his children seem to me.
He's in a swimsuit.
He is dreaming that he is already at the beach.
He is pissed off dear him he is reading his book.
He's pissed you off because his car broke down.
He annoys him dear he is reading his book.
He eats the plastic bags and then puffs himself out.
He gets in his car and drives at full speed
Your mother doesn't have anymore so I brought him back,
He won't be able to go on vacation
There was no such thing at all.
He leaves in his car, he wonders if he hasn't forgotten something.
He thought he could go to the beach
He took his car and paid for leaving
He goes on vacation and makes a fright
He takes something in his stomach while thinking about sunbathing at the beach.
He takes a basin of hot water to warm his feet
He backed up to get the frame, but behind him there were flowers and he fell in.
He looks at it penne and can't repair the car himself, he decides to push it to a garage where he gets help.
He wonders what he places and goes under the hood.
It stops on the lower side
He falls impannet he essylle to repair it
He sees smoke coming out of his car,
It takes 2.5 hours to go to Port Leucate
They are completely helpless and cannot take care of themselves
It's better to use baskets
I would like to do this job in this job
I took the decision to say goodbye that he was an idiot after my 2013 performance report.
I give tennis lessons to children.
I saw him after he left
I stop on the side of the road
I would like to follow up with you to know the progress of your efforts in order to plan a new collaboration together.
I went to the bus I got on the bus
I woke up at 5:00 in the morning
I don't know if the requirements he covered are covered in full
I could not find the source of the problem so I pushed the car to my house.
I'm going home I'm starting go on the highway
I get everything out of the car
I went to the beach the water was good I doused myself for a while.
I went to the temporary employment agency in Toulouse to pick up my work items:
I went to give the hay to the horses.
I went in the evening with friends after I left to dance
I'm put said for me not I'm going to go instead
I came to the appointment the money in advance
I follow Party around 9 am Juis Party by bus
I'm going to close all the doors
I'm going to put in the car
I'm going to get in the car to go instead
I'm going to take the highway towards Port Leucate
I had to push her home
I have sent you a message, I will let you know at the end of the exam.
Julien went to the beach over the weekend.
I forgot to thank you for coming.
I looked at the weather forecast it announced good weather
I have a partial list of what can be recalled and not a clear list.
The agriculture of 1960 has no relationship with current agriculture, although reduced by half in terms of exploitation, the modernization of work has allowed a considerable reduction in the number of farmers.
The editorial team should be informed of any changes in the company
Demand could increase after such a drop because it is therefore cheaper than other consoles and people may be less likely to buy it.
The media won't find limits on anyone's part or the corruption
The Minister of Ecology banned plastic bags because they pollute the earth
Industrial reconversion corresponds to a change in the type of industry
violence in high schools and colleges and the fact that certain student environment is at a disadvantage
violence is not inevitable.
The GNP of southern Africa is important, in contrast to the GNP of East Africa, which is really very low.
Organic is a way of thinking
Japan is a very big global power in the economy because there are big car companies like Mitsubishi, Toyota, Honda and osi major electronics companies like Panasonic Sony...
The journalist is entitled to a personalized contract
Nor can the journalist disregard an order in order to avoid redirecting the media.
The next day he gets that car ready and he goes by
The gentleman is planning to go on vacation.
The number of registered cars is falling
The dad tells their child to sit down,
The balanced price is in the case where the offer and the demand are the same
The price on the market is falling
The problem was that one of the cheeses was expired so we had a cough at them.
The secondary sector corresponds to industry
The tertiary sector corresponds to all services
The Japanese territory has a natural resource and its relief is very contrenian
The animals eat plastic bags, he suffocates and he dies
The important French tourist areas are Paris, the center of France, Provence, the Loire Valley
Japanese firms belong to the sales and research and marketing industrial sector
Features not tested as far as we know
The stores would give me more I would have to buy them in fabric
The manifestations of violence are diverse, ranging from simple insolence towards a professor to racketeering or even rape.
Poor nations and no way to rise up in order to overthrow the government
The people around me were very nice
The regions on the border France - Belgium and France - Germany including in industrial reconversion
plastic bags are elements that pollute the oceans a lot,
Loose bags in nature kill certain animals such as fish that eat them thinking that they are being taken for granted.
The factors that prove Japan's economic strength are their ranking or GNP, their spending on research, their foreign trade, their electronic equipment, their big business, and their place in the G8.
Rain flowing on the road
The agriculture of 1960 has no relationship with current agriculture, although reduced by half in terms of exploitation, the modernization of work has allowed a considerable reduction in the number of farmers.
My brother goes to high school and my sister goes to third grade
My big sister and stay-at-home mom and she has two children
My mom is a stay-at-home mom I have a younger brother and a younger sister
now we use very modern machines and sometimes even control by satellite, which makes it possible not to have a farmer on site.
but after a few minutes the engine smokes.
But sometimes I make mistakes
But he can't get it to reboot
But what is going on, why is she stopping?
But a few meters later it broke down
but not everyone has a chaotic schooling and does not sink,
Unfortunately he runs out of gas
despite the fact that some farmers use them in spite of nature,
Despite this, Japan still has big problems, such as its lack of political power in the world, because nobody asks for their opinion or Japan and there is no permanent place in the UN.
I don't want to stay in a banal position any more tomorrow where I'll always be doing stuff or other stuff again.
My brothers and my uncle drank a little rosé.
Microsoft would set its price based on the value of the components and then add a significant margin for the brand.
my father was present and I had good news to announce!
Mr. X thinks about it's vacation by the sea
Even if I admit that you went into the forest to plant a tree, why did it take you so long to plant a tree?
No she she emits it and repeats it more than the others the nuture,
No I don't understand what I'm saying
We have grass in the comunnes
we saw our customer this morning to present the latest advent version.
We made aperitifs with friends we ate dried tomatoes, pizza, shrimp slaze while drinking fruit juice,
We did not eat kebabs and a tomato salad and for dessert a vanilla cake.
We did not prepare the support and we went to work
We represent middle school and high school students
Opel is lowering prices because market demand has become weak
Yes she says that the walls insulate her from the rest of the world,
Yes it may sound incredible but who knows what happened
All summer we stayed at home with my girlfriend.
Little society that the public is not informed
For the moment we live with my parents
To show that things are progressing
To prepare a horse you need a hoof heart, a hard brush, a brush, a dung brush, pine, and horse equipment it is a carpet a line and a saddle
Then read a book and put her feet back into the hot water.
Then his car made a funny noise
Then the car breaks down
then in the second part we studied the repercussions of agriculture
Then I went to the Pyrenees to ski I like the red slopes.
Then I have a week's vacation and I might go biking.
Then in the evening we ate a good Savoyard fondue
Then open your car hat to see who has
When I got up I took a shower and then I left Degne
When I finished I took the car to the roundabout.
That only he who so blatantly reinforces violence is and will himself be a victim
What part of the application has been impacted.
Question 3 document 2 and 3
which will allow him to survive in active life and to have moral and material security
Just by being told the few that violence is not a fatality
Is it a gentleman who will take a photo of his children is who falls in the rosebushes
This is about the environmentalists who showed that plastic bags pollute the earth
Saturday at 1 pm left with Jean and his brother who played an airsoft game at the hospital to test my new replica to see what possibilities I had
Except that my car broke down
Show up at a cocar and part of his pano falls out of him
It's not his only problem
If the violence seems to be a serious fatality because they were disgusted by those around them
If Microsoft lowers the price of its Xbox 360 packs because the demand for console sets is not significant, so the lower price
Yes if I swear to you,
Si Sé sela Sé as you want but then don't talk to me about her anymore,
Of course in the case where Sanéte Coquet Privet concerns a crime
Sony has invested a lot of money in research (for example compared to France) and is in favor of the most advanced technologies that make it successful.
On the road the car starts to smoke from the engine
On the way he gets a pin in this car
You, who didn't care, said that you climbed up a tree is here you are, you watched the Vu Panden 2 hours
I am not interested in your story!
all the juices intended for food from their stems.
All these changes in French agriculture are the cause of many environmental and human problems
All these changes in French agriculture are the cause of many environmental and human problems
However, we can say that a private matter can be “established” in the case where the person to whom the private matter relates directly
Kills a lot of people because of waste water
A man wants to go on vacation
A manifesto with an Imanse Pano
an earthquake that ravaged the population,
Once finished I closed my case.
Once, the car is finished, charging,
Once I arrive I will park the car in the parking lot of the place
A person dreams of going on vacation.
A technology park is a center where researchers work on new cutting-edge technologies
Will you explain to me what you found interesting in his approach
here is the second request formed differently.
Really I don't understand!!
Annoyed at not having been able to go to the beach, he had a basin of cold water run for his feet everything recalled.
Listen you don't really understand