Well I got diagnosed with dyslexia a year ago when I was 18... And I do have some struggles with math too, like I never got the 1x1's in my brain, take longer than most, can't imagine numbers in my brain and calculate them at the same time so have to see the numbers on paper and do the math on paper. But I don't know if it's just being kind of bad in math or actually having it. My parents I still live with don't even believe in Dyslexia... say I just got it because my teacher in 1st grade taught me wrong. and from childhood I was actually good at math and just struggled at some parts. A test is kind of expensive... and hard to find where I can get tested. I don't know what I should do... (Probably a rant, sorry)
I use a comparison to explain it: there is a person that misses part of his leg below the knee. This person can not walk without crutches. Then this person gets a prosthesis. This person learns to walk with this prosthesis. He wears only long trousers. No one recognizes now that this person is disabled. It looks so natural. This person can even run with it. But in certain situation it still gets exposed, like when going swimming. In this situation the prosthesis does not help and it can be seen that the one leg is way shorter than the other. Overall it is just a way of compensation. It is only a way to deal with the disability to lower the impact in daily life. Your reading technic does not 'heal' your reading skill. It just helps you to lower the impact of this disability maybe to a degree that in certain situations you even excel the un-disabled persons. Like in the paralympics, where disabled people run faster than most 'normal' people.
To be honest, I know exactly how you feel. I grew up in the 1970/80's where barely any teacher knew what dyslexia really meant. I got a lot of such comments. I learned proper reading at an age of 13-14. So till then I was quite lost. My spelling is still a problem. Later in life I always had to face situations like this. That's why your mom has a point that you need to learn to deal with it. In a way many people have to face similar situations like that in their life. They are small or too skinny or are terrible at sports etc. Nearly every person has their own weaknesses. Part of the process to learn to deal with it are 2 things: accept who you are, accept your weaknesses and be NOT ashamed of it! Face them as they are. That does not mean that you should not learn to lower the impact of them in your life. You surely should work on them to get better. It might help to look at the other kids and think about what their weaknesses are. Even those who look perfect have some. Some are just better to hide them. And when you face such a teacher again, then also think by yourself what his or her weaknesses might be. So totally avoiding such situations does not help you to learn to deal with them. A bit of confrontation is not bad. That does not mean this other teacher was right. He definitely should not put you in such a situation! And you see this ignorance and the way he bullied you shows that he lacks empathy and shows cruelty. This is his weakness and it will definitely cause him problems in his own life. Bullies in general have, severe personality problems. So don't let them get you. If you still have such thoughts and feel lost, then you might speak with your mom and school about some therapy sessions. Most schools have a therapist, that is specialised in exactly this kind of problems. This should not be ignored. They will help you to deal with it. What helped me a lot, was to recognize that this weakness also comes with some advantages, like creativity or special ability for empathy or understanding complex things, or finding patterns or breaches of patterns and so on. You might look about this in the net. You might look at it like a kid that was always the tallest one and very skinny. A lot of kids make fun of this one. When they got older this kid was good at basketball and because of his length gets a scholarship and is able to enter an expensive college. So what's his length and disadvantage or an advantage? As a younger kid certainly a disadvantage. Later certainly an advantage. It is all about the situation you face right then. That's why you do not need to be ashamed of who and what you are! Do not only look at the problems you have but learn more about the advantages that come with it. Later in life they might give you the opportunity to succeed over those who once made fun of you. Sadly I learned this all when I was out of school. The knowledge what we have now about dyslexia was not there back when I grew up. I also learn not to hide behind my dyslexia. It is an explanation why I am not good at certain things like spelling. But it is not an excuse for more then what comes with it. I learned what I am good at and often way better than my classmates and where I had more problems. I also recognized when in art classes we should paint pictures and some of my classmates failed totally. Same in sports. I recognized that they also got exposed in these classes like I was in other classes. Yes it should not be, but that's how it is. And when I looked around in my class, nearly all my classmates were once in a while exposed like this. This made me feel way less embarrassed than I felt before. Those kids only think about themselves. I suck in arts or sports etc. so what? It does not make me less of a student than the others.
Yeah! I’m still dyslexic but it mainly affects the way I process language, I have mild dyslexia and the only way you could tell was a stammer I have (especially when I was tired) or the way I said ‘thingy thing’ to describe objects when I couldn’t remember the name of them fast enough! I have low processing speed and alright phonological skills, but you wouldn’t be able to tell if you weren’t looking directly for dyslexia.
Don't beat yourself up too much, I didn't realize I had Dyslexia until a couple years ago by doing research. I know I have a learning disability but what type? and I struggle a lot more with reading, writing, and spelling. You've made it this far, don't let your diagnosis determine what you really need to accomplish, Yes! We do learn differently and certain words mean different things to us. The thing is the world is so wrapped around normal brains because it's easier and better to understand than per say someone who has difficulties in whatever field of learning disability. Don't let it get to you, you got this!
Is it worth going to Dental school as a person who suffers from Dyslexia. I am in my 30s and I need to get my life together. I haven't done shadowing but I've seen videos on the day of a life of RDH and I think it's something I would love to do with a person with lower and upper back problems. Yes! I did read it will cause more problems down the road but with the right stretch can help me with that. Not to mention my right leg is giving up on me as I am getting older. I no longer wanna work in such a difficult environment such as, factory work, construction, or anything that deals with heavy lifting. I cannot do computer work that's easier said than done including finding a job in I.T., What can I do? I know this is a 4y program. 2 years of pre-med, 2 years of RDH. I understand by taking these courses it's meant to prepare me for getting into RDH. I just need help finding something and live a reasonable life. I might get judged by this or laughed at but I've been bullied throughout my life I honestly do not care about the name callings, nazi grammars because I know I struggle a lot, English is also my second language. I was in 10th grade when I moved to the US.
A dyslexic can be anything they want. For example, if you want to be a lawyer go ahead. If you really want and like whatever you will do, you will find a way to accomplish your dreams.
I have adhd and the reason for that is because saying I am adhd sounds so grammatically wrong to me and that really says something when I'm dyslexic.
So I'm a dyslexic 14 year old and the problem I'm having is that it's boring as F to read and I'm wondering if anyone has any tips to make reading more fun to do thanks.
As a dyslexic myself tell me how basic like do you struggle with - + or is it like me and the multiplication shit that's hard.
Metric makes much more sense, but unless it's actually real world scenarios it's not meaningless, it just add another level of complexity to make something meaningful to them or others. I can completely understand how metric is easier to understand as its all linked.1 litre of water is 1 kilogram 1 gram of water is 1 ml and 1 cm cubed. Don't ask me how many lbs 5 gallons of water will weigh, I'll have no idea. But 20 litres of water is easy to know is 20kg. Learning metric would probably be easier and more logical but they will need some key points where they can convert one to another for then to work in a method they are more comfortable. For example I use the following:10ft (height of basketball ring) is 3m, 62 miles (and mph) is 100km, 61f is 16c and likewise 72f is 27c. 22lbs is close enough to 10kg. From there I can usually work out most things in real world scenarios, (don't ask me to work out 5000f in c) from one to the other.
Hello my Dyslaxative friends. This is my first time posting here and I need some advice on an insanely difficult task. I am a Canadian man who only knows English. My fiancée is French Canadian and has given me an exceptionally challenging task. My partner and I have talked a lot about the possibility of starting a family together but she insists that if we are going to do that I need to become fluent in French. Her reasons are that she wants are children to be multilingual and having 1 parent that knows only 1 language would present some big challenges. I can't say I disagree with her but my attempts to learn French in the past have all been massive failures so I need some advice on better learning/teaching options. I did study French back in school for till 8th grade as it was mandatory but nothing ever stuck. I only ever learned enough to vomit it back onto a test and get a slightly passing grade since none of what I tried to learn made sense as an adult I did try Duolingo but in some tests I get road blocked since the tests expect me to correctly spell out words using an audio clip of the word I am to spell. I CAN BARELY DO THAT IN MY NATIVE LANGUAGE DAMN IT! I think my biggest problem is the mental roadblock in my mind. I have had no real success in learning a second language at any point and when I try I get exceptionally frustrated since what I am trying to learn just doesn't seem to make any sense or have any consistent logic to it. French seems especially hard when words are masculine or feminine with no consistent reason as to why and are treated differently for each and finding out how to pronounce words vs write them is hard since so many words have silent endings. Do any of you have advice or tips to help me overcome this problem?
Good question, I'd say a bit introverted, because of not wanting to make mistakes in front of others. Low self esteem because you work so hard to get average or below average grades. Anxiety. All those for me plus, I was never bullied, was more of a wallflower. But I was always very sensitive to those being bullied. I think because I felt different and understood how that felt.
If you feel your bf is embarrassed of you, you need a new bf!!! I was married to a man that only teased me, used my issue against me to control me. Never made me feel good about myself. Used my dyslexia to make himself feel better. Now I'm with a man that is patient and kind, and actually builds my self esteem. It's very important for dyslexics to be around people that understand it.  Dyslexia kills self esteem.
Read, sounds dumb but the more you do it the more you recognise words and it becomes easier over time. And that's probably what every neurotypical will tell you. But I used to hate reading and forced myself to read and I started to enjoy it and became faster and read better. I used to have to stop a lot and be like what does that say? I noticed I don't do that as much and am faster at reading. If there are words you don't know, writing them down and either Google them to find out what it is or ask someone really helps the amount of world I had to look up like what does that say and now when I read and like oh that’s that word. That my 2 cents hope it helps.
Wired differently come from the layout of minicolumns in the brain's cortex dyslexic ppl have less/ more spread out minicolumns meaning the axons that concert them are longer so electrical signal that pass from the different part of the brain take longer and different paths than a neurotypical person. That is where the neurotypical ppl go straight from A to B and dyslexic go on a long squiggly route from A to B. So from that the dyslexic brain is wired differently is literally true but it is an oversimplification of complex brain structure. *Tried to fix my typos but screw it you lot get it.