Well I got diagnosed with dyslexia a year ago when I was 18... And I do have some struggles with math too, like I never got the 1x1's in my brain, take longer than most, can't imagine numbers in my brain and calculate them at the same time so have to see the numbers on paper and do the math on paper. But I don't know if it's just being kind of bad in math or actually having it. My parents I still live with don't even believe in Dyslexia... say I just got it because my teacher in 1st grade taught me wrong. and from childhood I was actually good at math and just struggled at some parts. A test is kind of expensive... and hard to find where I can get tested. I don't know what I should do... (Probably a rant, sorry)
I use a comparison to explain it: there is a person that misses part of his leg below the knee. This person can not walk without crutches. Then this person gets a prosthesis. This person learns to walk with this prosthesis. He wears only long trousers. No one recognizes now that this person is disabled. It looks so natural. This person can even run with it. But in certain situation it still gets exposed, like when going swimming. In this situation the prosthesis does not help and it can be seen that the one leg is way shorter than the other. Overall it is just a way of compensation. It is only a way to deal with the disability to lower the impact in daily life. Your reading technic does not 'heal' your reading skill. It just helps you to lower the impact of this disability maybe to a degree that in certain situations you even excel the un-disabled persons. Like in the paralympics, where disabled people run faster than most 'normal' people.
To be honest, I know exactly how you feel. I grew up in the 1970/80's where barely any teacher knew what dyslexia really meant. I got a lot of such comments. I learned proper reading at an age of 13-14. So till then I was quite lost. My spelling is still a problem. Later in life I always had to face situations like this. That's why your mom has a point that you need to learn to deal with it. In a way many people have to face similar situations like that in their life. They are small or too skinny or are terrible at sports etc. Nearly every person has their own weaknesses. Part of the process to learn to deal with it are 2 things: accept who you are, accept your weaknesses and be NOT ashamed of it! Face them as they are. That does not mean that you should not learn to lower the impact of them in your life. You surely should work on them to get better. It might help to look at the other kids and think about what their weaknesses are. Even those who look perfect have some. Some are just better to hide them. And when you face such a teacher again, then also think by yourself what his or her weaknesses might be. So totally avoiding such situations does not help you to learn to deal with them. A bit of confrontation is not bad. That does not mean this other teacher was right. He definitely should not put you in such a situation! And you see this ignorance and the way he bullied you shows that he lacks empathy and shows cruelty. This is his weakness and it will definitely cause him problems in his own life. Bullies in general have, severe personality problems. So don't let them get you. If you still have such thoughts and feel lost, then you might speak with your mom and school about some therapy sessions. Most schools have a therapist, that is specialised in exactly this kind of problems. This should not be ignored. They will help you to deal with it. What helped me a lot, was to recognize that this weakness also comes with some advantages, like creativity or special ability for empathy or understanding complex things, or finding patterns or breaches of patterns and so on. You might look about this in the net. You might look at it like a kid that was always the tallest one and very skinny. A lot of kids make fun of this one. When they got older this kid was good at basketball and because of his length gets a scholarship and is able to enter an expensive college. So what's his length and disadvantage or an advantage? As a younger kid certainly a disadvantage. Later certainly an advantage. It is all about the situation you face right then. That's why you do not need to be ashamed of who and what you are! Do not only look at the problems you have but learn more about the advantages that come with it. Later in life they might give you the opportunity to succeed over those who once made fun of you. Sadly I learned this all when I was out of school. The knowledge what we have now about dyslexia was not there back when I grew up. I also learn not to hide behind my dyslexia. It is an explanation why I am not good at certain things like spelling. But it is not an excuse for more then what comes with it. I learned what I am good at and often way better than my classmates and where I had more problems. I also recognized when in art classes we should paint pictures and some of my classmates failed totally. Same in sports. I recognized that they also got exposed in these classes like I was in other classes. Yes it should not be, but that's how it is. And when I looked around in my class, nearly all my classmates were once in a while exposed like this. This made me feel way less embarrassed than I felt before. Those kids only think about themselves. I suck in arts or sports etc. so what? It does not make me less of a student than the others.
Yeah! I’m still dyslexic but it mainly affects the way I process language, I have mild dyslexia and the only way you could tell was a stammer I have (especially when I was tired) or the way I said ‘thingy thing’ to describe objects when I couldn’t remember the name of them fast enough! I have low processing speed and alright phonological skills, but you wouldn’t be able to tell if you weren’t looking directly for dyslexia.
Don't beat yourself up too much, I didn't realize I had Dyslexia until a couple years ago by doing research. I know I have a learning disability but what type? and I struggle a lot more with reading, writing, and spelling. You've made it this far, don't let your diagnosis determine what you really need to accomplish, Yes! We do learn differently and certain words mean different things to us. The thing is the world is so wrapped around normal brains because it's easier and better to understand than per say someone who has difficulties in whatever field of learning disability. Don't let it get to you, you got this!
Is it worth going to Dental school as a person who suffers from Dyslexia. I am in my 30s and I need to get my life together. I haven't done shadowing but I've seen videos on the day of a life of RDH and I think it's something I would love to do with a person with lower and upper back problems. Yes! I did read it will cause more problems down the road but with the right stretch can help me with that. Not to mention my right leg is giving up on me as I am getting older. I no longer wanna work in such a difficult environment such as, factory work, construction, or anything that deals with heavy lifting. I cannot do computer work that's easier said than done including finding a job in I.T., What can I do? I know this is a 4y program. 2 years of pre-med, 2 years of RDH. I understand by taking these courses it's meant to prepare me for getting into RDH. I just need help finding something and live a reasonable life. I might get judged by this or laughed at but I've been bullied throughout my life I honestly do not care about the name callings, nazi grammars because I know I struggle a lot, English is also my second language. I was in 10th grade when I moved to the US.
A dyslexic can be anything they want. For example, if you want to be a lawyer go ahead. If you really want and like whatever you will do, you will find a way to accomplish your dreams.
I have adhd and the reason for that is because saying I am adhd sounds so grammatically wrong to me and that really says something when I'm dyslexic.
So I'm a dyslexic 14 year old and the problem I'm having is that it's boring as F to read and I'm wondering if anyone has any tips to make reading more fun to do thanks.
As a dyslexic myself tell me how basic like do you struggle with - + or is it like me and the multiplication shit that's hard.
Metric makes much more sense, but unless it's actually real world scenarios it's not meaningless, it just add another level of complexity to make something meaningful to them or others. I can completely understand how metric is easier to understand as its all linked.1 litre of water is 1 kilogram 1 gram of water is 1 ml and 1 cm cubed. Don't ask me how many lbs 5 gallons of water will weigh, I'll have no idea. But 20 litres of water is easy to know is 20kg. Learning metric would probably be easier and more logical but they will need some key points where they can convert one to another for then to work in a method they are more comfortable. For example I use the following:10ft (height of basketball ring) is 3m, 62 miles (and mph) is 100km, 61f is 16c and likewise 72f is 27c. 22lbs is close enough to 10kg. From there I can usually work out most things in real world scenarios, (don't ask me to work out 5000f in c) from one to the other.
Hello my Dyslaxative friends. This is my first time posting here and I need some advice on an insanely difficult task. I am a Canadian man who only knows English. My fiancée is French Canadian and has given me an exceptionally challenging task. My partner and I have talked a lot about the possibility of starting a family together but she insists that if we are going to do that I need to become fluent in French. Her reasons are that she wants are children to be multilingual and having 1 parent that knows only 1 language would present some big challenges. I can't say I disagree with her but my attempts to learn French in the past have all been massive failures so I need some advice on better learning/teaching options. I did study French back in school for till 8th grade as it was mandatory but nothing ever stuck. I only ever learned enough to vomit it back onto a test and get a slightly passing grade since none of what I tried to learn made sense as an adult I did try Duolingo but in some tests I get road blocked since the tests expect me to correctly spell out words using an audio clip of the word I am to spell. I CAN BARELY DO THAT IN MY NATIVE LANGUAGE DAMN IT! I think my biggest problem is the mental roadblock in my mind. I have had no real success in learning a second language at any point and when I try I get exceptionally frustrated since what I am trying to learn just doesn't seem to make any sense or have any consistent logic to it. French seems especially hard when words are masculine or feminine with no consistent reason as to why and are treated differently for each and finding out how to pronounce words vs write them is hard since so many words have silent endings. Do any of you have advice or tips to help me overcome this problem?
Good question, I'd say a bit introverted, because of not wanting to make mistakes in front of others. Low self esteem because you work so hard to get average or below average grades. Anxiety. All those for me plus, I was never bullied, was more of a wallflower. But I was always very sensitive to those being bullied. I think because I felt different and understood how that felt.
If you feel your bf is embarrassed of you, you need a new bf!!! I was married to a man that only teased me, used my issue against me to control me. Never made me feel good about myself. Used my dyslexia to make himself feel better. Now I'm with a man that is patient and kind, and actually builds my self esteem. It's very important for dyslexics to be around people that understand it.  Dyslexia kills self esteem.
Read, sounds dumb but the more you do it the more you recognise words and it becomes easier over time. And that's probably what every neurotypical will tell you. But I used to hate reading and forced myself to read and I started to enjoy it and became faster and read better. I used to have to stop a lot and be like what does that say? I noticed I don't do that as much and am faster at reading. If there are words you don't know, writing them down and either Google them to find out what it is or ask someone really helps the amount of world I had to look up like what does that say and now when I read and like oh that’s that word. That my 2 cents hope it helps.
Wired differently come from the layout of minicolumns in the brain's cortex dyslexic ppl have less/ more spread out minicolumns meaning the axons that concert them are longer so electrical signal that pass from the different part of the brain take longer and different paths than a neurotypical person. That is where the neurotypical ppl go straight from A to B and dyslexic go on a long squiggly route from A to B. So from that the dyslexic brain is wired differently is literally true but it is an oversimplification of complex brain structure. *Tried to fix my typos but screw it you lot get it.
I think I did well because I got off to a good start and I have almost finished my booklet and I have done a few pictures on the computer and now I am doing a cover.
My book is on submarines.
I have had to do a picture of how a submarine works.
I haven't done a lot of good work but I think I have done well.
The cat working in the mill spies a mouse feeding on corn.
The cat skillfully creeps up behind a sack and all of a sudden his muscles are tense, he springs and a little squeak from the mouse is heard as the cat's claws sink deep into the mouse, the cat quietly eats it and then curled up on a sack to sleep.
There seems to be some confusion.
Although he remembers the situation, he is not clear on details.
With regard to deleting parts, could you advise me of the exact nature of the problem and I will investigate it immediately.
Thanks, I had a messy handwriting I really hated but well, it got better and my bad handwriting was more because of being forced to learn cursive. and then forced to stop using it because i got pushed a class down and the kids there didn't learn cursive. So I wasn't allowed to use it? So it kind of messed up my writing. I wasn't even allowed to use a pen anymore so my best writing 'pen' is a pencil now.
That used to be me, I'm 60 now and when you start to age you just get tired of carrying what people think. Sometimes I will be talking to people, and it's strange , it's almost as if I'm looking at myself from above , smiling , saying "WOW, you have come a long way, girl". How did I overcome this? Dumped my husband that was insulting me, built my self esteem up and surrounded myself with people that never ridiculed me.
I have always been pretty great at math. But I have noticed myself recently having trouble decoding plane number and symbol equations. Like I can do the math in my head just fine but I never noticed how much I mix up or switch around the numbers. Is that what dyscalculia is? Or is that just dyslexia but with numbers too. Maybe it's just as an adult since I have been using the calculator I always have in my pocket my sick math skills have waned. I guess the ultimate question is: is Dyscalculia trouble with the calculation and manipulation of numerical concepts or is it the decoding of the numbers themselves?
My mom forced me to study for hours to make sure I don't fail because of my dyslexia.The long study hours only happen when tests were coming up at school but they were horrible.It got to the point where I was crying, not eating and once she didn't let me sleep cause I didn't do enough. She sometimes made me not go to school on test days so I could study cause she didn't feel I did enough.This happened from year 4 to year 8. The studying lasted 5 to 6 hours a day on weekends(sometimes 8) and 3 to 5 hours after school. But the way she was tutoring me wasn't good, ever. It took so long because she made me look at text books for older years, my year and also online resources to do with the topics. She would raise her voice at me when I got anything wrong or didn't understand anything, she would accuse me of giving up or slacking off when I asked to use the bathroom more then twice and made me read things repeatedly on white paper until I memorised it by heart and could repeat it to her without looking at the pages and would get mad at me when I couldn't. When I told her to stop she sometimes called me lazy and to pull myself together. But when I cried she acted all fed up, she let me take a 5 minute break and then forced me to do it all again. One time we had just studied for an hour and I started begging her to stop for the day, she say ok but we have only done an hour that's barely anything you need to start to pull yourself together.I already had a private tutor and had mention this to her many times but she would always say to me that she doesn't want to do this and would literally do anything else instead of having to deal with me but she has to. Because of my dyslexia I was sometimes allowed to bring my tests home but my mom made me cheat on them. She said it wasn't that hard and forced me to write down all the answers she told me. I felt awful handing it in to my teachers knowing what happend at home. When I turned 12 she finally made me stop leaning with her but still makes sure that I study at least 4 hours a week when tests come up and sometimes makes me memorise it with her. I had now recently had an argument with my mom about how she was negligent with my mental health and that it was unnecessary however she said that it was and that she went to a lecture to learn about dyslexic people by a dyslexic person and he said that most dyslexic people are failing school however with proper care they can become above average. She asked me "would you have preferred it if I let you fail at everything and let you become jobless in the future?"  She said that I was never into learning and always tried to put it off so I left her with no choice. I told her that I was 8 and didn't know what I was doing and that an 8 year old wouldn't want to do those things. She said that everybody else in my school was already doing homework by themselves and I didn't do it and that being young isn't an excuse for that and as a child I still have to contribute in normal activities and it is my Job. I got really mad at this because I don't even know what's true anymore. I got good grades I guess but I still feel ill from it all. I'm 14 and I know she's going to push me even more once I start my guess in year 10. My mom doesn't have dyslexia and she doesn't know what it's like. I still get 1 to 2 hour private tutoring a week and I feel like my results are getting lower with my mental health.
I took the two courses on Dyslexic U, and there were a lot of valuable insights and explanations.  I wanted to share it with non-dyslexic associates so they would better understand how we can work together in a complementary fashion.  But like so many on-line things, the medium becomes the obstacle to delivering the message.  Given the obstacles in registration and navigation, I didn't share. But I appreciate what they are doing, and I think all dyslexics would benefit from making the effort.
I remember special Ed was always a go to saying to make fun of people, looking back it was pretty fucked I was in the same class as non-verbal autistic kids just because I couldn't remember my times table.
Hi All I (Male 38) was diagnosed with dyslexia when I was about 6 or 7 years old and got a "Statement of Education" so I had to have extra lessons before and after school I got extra time in my exams and additional help in my main lessons. I have never had to provide anything to prove my dyslexia and don't have any documentation, I asked my mum and she said she never got anything but said it was through the NHS when I was Diagnosed and they went straight to my school. I have the NHS Patient Access portal thing and there is no mention of dyslexia on there. I was wondering if there is any documentation I should have and where would I be able to get it from, if it even still exists after all this time. Any ideas would be appreciated or ideas on who I could contact would be very much appreciated.
And I ask they just wait silently unless I ask for their help for finding a word.