I think I did well because I got off to a good start and I have almost finished my booklet and I have done a few pictures on the computer and now I am doing a cover.
My book is on submarines.
I have had to do a picture of how a submarine works.
I haven't done a lot of good work but I think I have done well.
The cat working in the mill spies a mouse feeding on corn.
The cat skillfully creeps up behind a sack and all of a sudden his muscles are tense, he springs and a little squeak from the mouse is heard as the cat's claws sink deep into the mouse, the cat quietly eats it and then curled up on a sack to sleep.
There seems to be some confusion.
Although he remembers the situation, he is not clear on details.
With regard to deleting parts, could you advise me of the exact nature of the problem and I will investigate it immediately.
Thanks, I had a messy handwriting I really hated but well, it got better and my bad handwriting was more because of being forced to learn cursive. and then forced to stop using it because i got pushed a class down and the kids there didn't learn cursive. So I wasn't allowed to use it? So it kind of messed up my writing. I wasn't even allowed to use a pen anymore so my best writing 'pen' is a pencil now.
That used to be me, I'm 60 now and when you start to age you just get tired of carrying what people think. Sometimes I will be talking to people, and it's strange , it's almost as if I'm looking at myself from above , smiling , saying "WOW, you have come a long way, girl". How did I overcome this? Dumped my husband that was insulting me, built my self esteem up and surrounded myself with people that never ridiculed me.
I have always been pretty great at math. But I have noticed myself recently having trouble decoding plane number and symbol equations. Like I can do the math in my head just fine but I never noticed how much I mix up or switch around the numbers. Is that what dyscalculia is? Or is that just dyslexia but with numbers too. Maybe it's just as an adult since I have been using the calculator I always have in my pocket my sick math skills have waned. I guess the ultimate question is: is Dyscalculia trouble with the calculation and manipulation of numerical concepts or is it the decoding of the numbers themselves?
My mom forced me to study for hours to make sure I don't fail because of my dyslexia.The long study hours only happen when tests were coming up at school but they were horrible.It got to the point where I was crying, not eating and once she didn't let me sleep cause I didn't do enough. She sometimes made me not go to school on test days so I could study cause she didn't feel I did enough.This happened from year 4 to year 8. The studying lasted 5 to 6 hours a day on weekends(sometimes 8) and 3 to 5 hours after school. But the way she was tutoring me wasn't good, ever. It took so long because she made me look at text books for older years, my year and also online resources to do with the topics. She would raise her voice at me when I got anything wrong or didn't understand anything, she would accuse me of giving up or slacking off when I asked to use the bathroom more then twice and made me read things repeatedly on white paper until I memorised it by heart and could repeat it to her without looking at the pages and would get mad at me when I couldn't. When I told her to stop she sometimes called me lazy and to pull myself together. But when I cried she acted all fed up, she let me take a 5 minute break and then forced me to do it all again. One time we had just studied for an hour and I started begging her to stop for the day, she say ok but we have only done an hour that's barely anything you need to start to pull yourself together.I already had a private tutor and had mention this to her many times but she would always say to me that she doesn't want to do this and would literally do anything else instead of having to deal with me but she has to. Because of my dyslexia I was sometimes allowed to bring my tests home but my mom made me cheat on them. She said it wasn't that hard and forced me to write down all the answers she told me. I felt awful handing it in to my teachers knowing what happend at home. When I turned 12 she finally made me stop leaning with her but still makes sure that I study at least 4 hours a week when tests come up and sometimes makes me memorise it with her. I had now recently had an argument with my mom about how she was negligent with my mental health and that it was unnecessary however she said that it was and that she went to a lecture to learn about dyslexic people by a dyslexic person and he said that most dyslexic people are failing school however with proper care they can become above average. She asked me "would you have preferred it if I let you fail at everything and let you become jobless in the future?"  She said that I was never into learning and always tried to put it off so I left her with no choice. I told her that I was 8 and didn't know what I was doing and that an 8 year old wouldn't want to do those things. She said that everybody else in my school was already doing homework by themselves and I didn't do it and that being young isn't an excuse for that and as a child I still have to contribute in normal activities and it is my Job. I got really mad at this because I don't even know what's true anymore. I got good grades I guess but I still feel ill from it all. I'm 14 and I know she's going to push me even more once I start my guess in year 10. My mom doesn't have dyslexia and she doesn't know what it's like. I still get 1 to 2 hour private tutoring a week and I feel like my results are getting lower with my mental health.
I took the two courses on Dyslexic U, and there were a lot of valuable insights and explanations.  I wanted to share it with non-dyslexic associates so they would better understand how we can work together in a complementary fashion.  But like so many on-line things, the medium becomes the obstacle to delivering the message.  Given the obstacles in registration and navigation, I didn't share. But I appreciate what they are doing, and I think all dyslexics would benefit from making the effort.
I remember special Ed was always a go to saying to make fun of people, looking back it was pretty fucked I was in the same class as non-verbal autistic kids just because I couldn't remember my times table.
Hi All I (Male 38) was diagnosed with dyslexia when I was about 6 or 7 years old and got a "Statement of Education" so I had to have extra lessons before and after school I got extra time in my exams and additional help in my main lessons. I have never had to provide anything to prove my dyslexia and don't have any documentation, I asked my mum and she said she never got anything but said it was through the NHS when I was Diagnosed and they went straight to my school. I have the NHS Patient Access portal thing and there is no mention of dyslexia on there. I was wondering if there is any documentation I should have and where would I be able to get it from, if it even still exists after all this time. Any ideas would be appreciated or ideas on who I could contact would be very much appreciated.
And I ask they just wait silently unless I ask for their help for finding a word.
